Daus app project

The "Daus" application is being created to obtain marketing research and to collect the opinions of the population on important social issues.
With the growth of new technologies, in particular big data, appeared an interesting opportunity to conduct point and mass online surveys of the population with a detailed description of the characteristics of the respondent: place of residence (up to a quarter), income, marital status, religious and other views with a huge coverage of respondents and the possibility to refer to the history of previous surveys of a particular respondent in transcribing the answers.
It is ignorance of who lives in our country, their preferences, their skills and abilities that hinders development of many industries, and according to many experts, this project could expand the horizons of many people and contribute to the development of new industries in Kazakhstan. 
The necessity of this specialized service is proved by huge amount of questionnaires in FB, Instagramm and other social networks, but the problem of these questionnaires is that without knowing the basic characteristics of the respondents it's hard to make practical conclusions about who thinks your idea works and the overall unsystematic research multiplied by the total stratification of the population (Muslims and atheists, pro-government and opposition, Russian speakers and Kazakhs, geographical disparity, the rich and the poor).
Business, studying the niches for new projects, could with high probability understand: who is their target audience, average receipt of supposed service, other characteristics of the project and most importantly find those who are ready to work on the project as personnel, get new skills and change their place of residence when necessary to implement the project.
Also, the citizens of Kazakhstan themselves often complain that the decision of their vital issues is given to officials and businessmen, who in turn often rely on intuition, commercial interest and their own views on life, not supported by real figures of sociology, as a result of which, projects are born unnecessary to anyone.
Another great opportunity is the creation of unions and like-minded groups to get wholesale discounts on goods and services and to lobby for shop-floor interests (cab drivers, delivery service, miners, coal miners).
In this regard, it is planned to develop an application, its marketing promotion and further monetization. It would also be interesting to publish analytics on your own web-portal, which could then be turned into a business social network, based on the results of those studies, which are of interest to the general public.
Timeliness of appearance of this portal is confirmed by appearance of Otinish project (site on collection of petitions on resonant events), beginning of elections of akims and in general with proclamation of the concept of "The Hearing State".
Monetization.
Monetization will be carried out mainly through the sale of franchises in other countries, the sale of research results, the implementation of contextual advertising to the target audience and the creation of commercial products for the needs of the general public.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
